{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2Arial;}
}{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5311117\rsid5452537
\rsid6844745\rsid9128415\rsid12651882\rsid13592482\rsid13842033\rsid14237223}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info
{\title Complaint Activity Report}{\author .}{\keywords }{\operator .}{\creatim\yr2004\mo8\dy28\min48}{\revtim\yr2005\mo11\dy17\hr11\min7}{\version11}{\edmins75}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords66}{\nofchars378}{\*\company .}{\nofcharsws443}{\vern24689}}\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin720\dgvorigin720\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot13592482 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid6844745 {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft-180\shptop-180\shpright10980\shpbottom1440\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbxignore\shpbypara\shpbyignore\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1026
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 15875}}{\sp{\sn fLayoutInCell}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fEditedWrap}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fBehindDocument}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fLayoutInCell}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt0\dprect\dpx-180\dpy-180\dpxsize11160\dpysize1620
\dpfillfgcr255\dpfillfgcg255\dpfillfgcb255\dpfillbgcr255\dpfillbgcg255\dpfillbgcb255\dpfillpat1\dplinew25\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\f1\insrsid13842033 COMPLAINT ACTIVITY REPORT  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid13842033 Case # 94461109\tab }{
\b\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 BBB serving Chicago & Northern Illinois
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx1440\tx5580\tx6660\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 Consumer Info:}{\f1\fs20\insrsid13842033 \tab }{\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 Chapman (Wadas), Megan\tab }{
\b\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 Business Info:}{\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033  Lieberman Management Services, Inc.
\par \tab 1921 Cherry Street  \tab  \tab 25 Northwest Point Blvd Ste 330 
\par \tab Wheaton, IL  60187\tab \tab Elk Grove Village, IL  60007-1033
\par \tab 847 527-9255 847 527-9255\tab \tab 847 459-0000
\par \tab mwadas2004@yahoo.com
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid13842033 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx1620\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6844745 {\b\f1\fs16\insrsid12651882\charrsid12651882 Location Involved:}{\b\f1\fs16\insrsid6844745 \tab }{\f1\fs16\insrsid12651882 (Same as above)}{
\f1\fs16\insrsid6844745\charrsid6844745 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16\insrsid12651882 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 Consumer's Original Complaint }{\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 :
\par {\fs16 Approximately 6 months ago, my mother alerted the property management company to an issue in condo unit #152A in which water had come into the unit and was trapped behind the existing dry walls via the HVAC system.  We took care of the existing water damage on the floors by vacuuming it up and alerted the property management company of the issue immediately.\par \par The property management came out to look at (Juan) it and would take pictures.  Sonja Henry indicated\par that the property management company would take this to the board and that they would pay for the repair to the damages since the issue arose from a an issue that was their responsibility (Clog in the HVAC unit).\par \par The property management company later informed us that it would be our responsibility to remediate the situation and that they would not pay for any costs associated with the issue.\par \par A letter was sent indicating that they would not pay for the damage due to the fact that the resident was not living in the unit at the time of the damage. \par \par While this is true, due to the fact that the resident is 96 years old (since deceased) and had to relocate into a nursing home.  We regularly checked into the place to ensure there were not issues and to maintain the condo unit.  Even if there was a resident that lived there this problem would not have been detected earlier as there was no indication of mold at the time.\par \par As is common with condo units, the agreement clearly states that issues that arise due to the maintenance of the overall building, the culpability would rest with the property management company.  \par \par This is a clear case of Lieberman Property looking for an excuse to not pay for what is their responsibility.  What is worse, is that Sonja Henry told us that they would pay and then the decision was quickly reversed.\par \par There is no way that this issue would have played out any differently if a resident was in the unit or not.  Further, the resident was out of the unit due to medical issues.  It is insulting that three weeks after having to lay to rest the woman who lived there, that we still have not had this matter resolved.  The property management company has admitted that the water came in due to a unit above this one having a failure.  It is completely unethical to dismiss our claim.  We are asking the property management company to reconsider and to take ownership of this matter as the condo association agreement says to.  We are hopeful to avoid any litigation in which both parties will lose time and money.\par \par To summarize, here is the sequence to the incidents\par 1)	Called and had company clean carpets in order to sell the unit.  When carpets were cleaned, they said there was mold.\par 2)	Called out a HVAC repairman because we suspected that there may be an issue that caused the mold.  When he came, he saw that there was water in the unit and said the A/C line was clogged.\par 3)	Called Dana Point condos and spoke to a maintenance man who told us that the HVAC repairman was correct and that this happens.  The person said that they would call when the work was being done so we could be there.  Within a week, he came and cleared the clog from the pipe but we were never called and provided an opportunity to to be there nor were we called to notify us that the work was done which they said they would.\par 4)	We then called Dana Point to discuss the mold situation and determine how they would replace the damaged unit.  \par 5)	The secretary told us that they would just have to take it to the board for approval\par 6)	A maintenance person, Juan, and manage of the office Sonja Henry came out and took pictures and told us they would not be responsible and paying anything.\par 7)	This of course was very upsetting and we ended the conversation with her abruptly.\par 8)	Letter is sent to us and they told us that they would not cover any damages because no one was staying in the unit.\par 9)The mold specialist gave us quote of $2,025 but he wanted to make sure that problem was fix }
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 Consumer's Desired Resolution:
\par }{\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 {\fs16 Payment for the mold remediation and replacement of drywall with paint.  Carpet would also need to be replaced.

Additionally, a hutch was damaged as mold spread from the drywall onto this unit.  We would ask that payment would be made for this as well.

Overall, this will cost us approximately $4,000 to complete and to bring the unit back to its condition prior to the issue happening.}
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2880\li2880\ri0\widctlpar\tx1440\tx2160\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin2880\itap0 {\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 
\par }{\b\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 BBB Processing 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx1440\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16\insrsid13842033 \par {\fs16 {\b 07/21/2013	  web	BBB}	Case Received by BBB}\par {\fs16 {\b 07/21/2013	  web	BBB}	Accredited Business Case Reviewed by BBB}\par {\fs16 {\b 07/21/2013	  Otto	EMAIL}	Send Acknowledgement to Consumer}\par {\fs16 {\b 07/21/2013	  Otto	EMAIL}	Inform MIP AB of Case}\par {\fs16 {\b 07/25/2013	  WEB	BBB}	RECEIVE BUSINESS RESPONSE : To the Better Business Bureau:\par 	I am in receipt of the complaint regarding an HVAC leak in unit #152. \par 	I was informed of this issue by the maintenance staff because  they were contacted by the owner or owner's representative when the issue was detected inside of the unit.  The maintenance staff addressed the matter almost immediately and repaired the area that the Association is responsible for, along with making the necessary  repairs to the common elements.  \par 	Per the Association's Declaration and By-Laws, the Association is not responsible for the maintenance, repair and/or replacement to the unit, the limited common elements belonging to the unit, or any of the owner's personal property. Owners are required to maintain adequate homeowner's insurance to cover these areas in the event of a loss.  The owner's representative was advised of this, specifically, that any carpet, paint, or dry wall was the responsibility of the owner to repair or replace because it was a part of their unit.  We recommended the owner contact their homeowner's insurance to file a claim for any loss.  \par 	We also told the owner's representative that they could provide a written request to the Board of Directors to consider reimbursing the owner or covering the expenses.  This expense would have to be approved by the Board of Directors.  The owner will need to provide a written request to the Board and it should be sent directly to the on-site Management Office for consideration.\par 	Sincerely,\par 	Lieberman Management Services, Inc., as agent,\par 	Lisette Ray\par 	Property Manager}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid13842033 
\par }}